c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\TopShelf.exe.config
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\TopShelf.exe
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\TopShelf.pdb
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\obj\Debug\TopShelf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\obj\Debug\TopShelf.exe
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\obj\Debug\TopShelf.pdb
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\ConfigInjector.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Nimbus.Autofac.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Nimbus.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Nimbus.InfrastructureContracts.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Nimbus.Logger.Serilog.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Nimbus.MessageContracts.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Enrichers.Environment.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Formatting.Compact.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.RollingFile.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\SerilogWeb.Classic.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Formatting.Compact.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.File.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.PeriodicBatching.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.RollingFile.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\SerilogWeb.Classic.xml
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.MessageContract.dll
c:\users\rlcruz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TopShelf\TopShelf\bin\Debug\Topshelf.MessageContract.pdb
